The UNIX SYSTEM: Making computers more productive
The usual way to get a large computer application developed invovles a big team of people working in close coordination.
most of time this work surprisingly well but it does have its problems and large projects tends to done poorly, they take a long time ,
they consume an astonishing amount of money and in many cases the individual team members are dissatisfied, so everybody in computing 
business is constantly searching for ways to do a better job of developing computer applications.
there aren't likely to be any final answers both because the problems are hard and beacuse as we find the solution we try even more
 ambitious objectives, but there are some things that can be done to make life easier for everybody on a large programming project.
 A good programming enviroment helps a lot.
 UNIX SYSTEM makes it a good enviroment for many purpose.
 In Bell Labs as in many industries almost everyone has some kind of involvement with software either they are producing software and
 that is their job or they are impacted by software or they use software .Fact that Bell Labs about 50% of people they are actually 
 producing software and everyone else has some kind of involvement with it.
 In fact, that's one of worst problems today, there is a cryong need for useful software to do effective jobs. 
 We just do not have enough people for writing all that software, keeping large amounts of software working and keeping it working 
 in the face of change is a big job takes a lot of skilled people to do this now.
 Software is different from hardware. There is a continual demand for changes enhancement new features that people find necessary 
 once they get used to a system. In other words, we put the system out there, people get used to it.
 We have to build the software to be very changed tolerant.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------
 a UNIX　system is made up sort of three layers if you like the central layer the kernel is the thing that controls the resources.
 then wrapped around that at least in conceptually is shell which is the interface between most users and the kernal part. it sits 
 there and waits for you to type commands at it and interpret them.
 and then around sort of an yet another layer are useful programm things like editors and compilers for programming languages.
 
 sentence | makewords | lowercase | sort | unique | mismatch 
 the system provides the mechanism of the pipline.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------
 UNIX features: 
 1.form atlas files; 
 2. the hierarchical directory structur; 
 3. the ablity to pipeline the output of one command as the input of another device
 4. independent i/o
 ....
 file system: the ability to store information for extended periods of time
 another nice feature: the concept of input output redirection
               
 
